# Deficit Irrigation with Aquacrop-OSPY

See the Deployment [here](https://thorerismann.github.io/aquacrop-deficit-irrig/intro.html)

This report explores the efficacy of using Aquacrop OSPY to evaluate different irrigation schedules under deficit conditions. Aquacrop-OSPY is a Python implementation of an open source version of the Aquacrop model developped by the Food and Agricultural Organization. The Aquacrop-OSPY module is used to generate 1500 runs of the model varying irrigation dates and irrigation quantitaties. The data are visually inspected and an initial signifigance test is evaluated.

For installation of the Aquacrop package please follow the instructions provided by Aquacrop-OSPY at the repository [here](https://github.com/aquacropos/aquacrop). The notebooks require a few additional packages, for statistics and for plotting.

Recomended installation of the modules is as follows:
1) set up a new conda environment (conda create env --name newenv)
2) activate (conda activate newenv)
3) install pip (conda install -c conda-forge pip)
4) install aquacrop (pip install aquacrop)
5) install matplotlib,seaborn (pip install matplotlib, pip install seaborn)

The data generated by the model runs can be accessed under the /model_results foder. The figures used in the report (and more) can be foud in the /figures folder. The code used to generate the model runs is in the /notebook folder. The notebooks which import this data and generate the charts and anylsis are also available in the /notebook folder.